General Terms;Description
Expected Goals;The sum of the probabilities of unblocked shot attempts being goals. For example, a rebound shot in the slot may be worth 0.5 expected goals, while a shot from the blueline while short handed may be worth 0.01 expected goals. The expected value of each shot attempt is calculated by the MoneyPuck Expected Goals model. Expected goals is commonly abbreviated as xGoals. Blocked shot attempts are valued at 0 xGoals. See more here: http://moneypuck.com/about.htm#shotModel
Score Adjusted;Adjusts metrics to gives more credit to away teams and teams with large leads.
Flurry Adjusted;See http://moneypuck.com/about.htm#flurry
Individual;Individual For. For stats credited to an individual. For example, Individual goals is the number of goals a player has scored
On Ice For;On-ice For. Every player on the ice on the team doing the event receives credit. On Ice F Goals is the number of goals the player's team has scored while that player is on the ice, regardless of if they were the one who scored the goal or not.
On Ice Against;On-ice Against. Every opposing team's players on the ice on receives credit. On Ice A Goals is the number of goals the player's team has given up while the player is on the ice
Off Ice For;Off-ice For. Every player on the bench of  the team doing the event receives credit. Off Ice F Goals is the number of goals the player's team has scored while that player is on the bench.
Off Ice Against;Off-ice Against. Every player on the opposing team's bench of  the team doing the event receives credit. Off Ice A Goals is the number of goals the player's team has given up while that player is on the bench.
Low Danger Shots;Unblocked Shot attempts with a < 8% probability of being a goal. Low danger shots accounts for ~75% of shots and ~33% of goals
Medium Danger Shots;Unblocked Shot attempts with between >=8% but less than 20% probability of being a goal. Medium danger shots account for ~20% of shots and ~33% of goals
High Danger Shots;Unblocked Shot attempts  with >= 20% probability of being a goal. High danger shots account for ~5% of shots and ~33% of goals
Created Expected Goals;See http://moneypuck.com/about.htm#xRebounds
Situation;5on5 for normal play, 5on4 for a normal powerplay, 4on5 for a normal PK. 'Other' includes everything else: two man advantage, empty net, 4on3, etc. 'all' includes all situations
Games Played;Number of games played.
Icetime;Ice time in seconds
Shifts;Number of shifts a player had
Game Score;Game Score rating as designed by @domluszczyszyn
On Ice xGoals Percentage;On Ice xGoals For / (On Ice xGoals For + On Ice xGoals Against)
Off Ice xGoals Percentage;Off Ice xGoals For / (Off Ice xGoals For + Off Ice xGoals Against)
OnIce Corsi Percentage;On Ice Shot Attempts For / (On Ice Shot Attempts For + On Ice Shot Attempts Against)
Off Ice Corsi Percentage;Off Ice Shot Attempts For / (Off Ice Shot Attempts For + Off Ice Shot Attempts Against)
On Ice Fenwick Percentage;On Ice Unblocked Shot Attempts For / (On Ice Unlbocked Shot Attempts For + On Ice Unbloked Shot Attempts Against)
Off Ice Fenwick Percentage;Off Ice Unblocked Shot Attempts For / (Off Ice Unlbocked Shot Attempts For + Off Ice Unbloked Shot Attempts Against)
Ice Time Rank;Rank of the player's ice time in a given game. Forwards and Defensemen are ranked seperately. 1 means the player got more icetime in the game than any other forward/D.
Individual xOn Goal;Expected number of unblocked shot attempts that are expected to be a shot on goal (not miss the net) given the context (distance, situation, etc) they were taken from. This assumes the player has average shooting talent.
Individual xGoals;Expected Goals. See 'General Concepts' tab for more info.
Individual xRebounds;Expected Rebounds. The expected number of rebound shots generated from the player's unblocked shot attempts.
Individual xFreeze;Expected puck freezes after shots. The expected number of puck freezes by the goalie after the player's unblocked shot attempts.
Individual xPlay Stopped;Expected number of times the play is stopped after shots for reasons other than the goalie freezing the puck, such as the puck going over the glass or a dislodged net.
Individual xPlay Continued In Zone;Expected number of times the play continues in the offensive zone after the player's shot besides an immediate rebound shot. This is proxied by another event happening in the zone after the shot (such as a hit, takeaway, etc) without any events outside of the zone happening inbetween and all the same players for both teams are still on the ice as they were for the original shot
Individual xPlay Continued Outside Zone;Expected number of times the play goes outside the offensive zone after the player's shot.
Individual Flurry Adjusted xGoals;Flurry Adjusted Expected Goals. See 'General Concepts' tab for more info.
Individual Score Venue Adjusted xGoals;Score and Venue Adjusted xGoals. Gives more credit to away teams and teams with large leads when they get an xGoal.
Individual Flurry Score Venue Adjusted xGoals;Fluury and Score and Venued Adjusted xGoals
Individual Primary Assists;Primary Assists the player has received on teammates' goals
Individual Secondary Assists;Secondary Assists the player has received on teammates' goals
Individual Shots On Goal;Shots on goal. Does not include shots that miss the net or blocked shots
Individual Missed Shots;Missed shots. Shots that aren't blocked but don't hit the net
Individual Blocked Shot Attempts;Blocked shot attempts. The numbe of shot attempts a player has taken that were blocked by the opponent's team
Individual Shot Attempts;Shot attempts. Includes shots on goal, missed shots, and blocked shot attempts
Individual Points;Goals + Assists
Individual Goals;Goals
Individual Rebounds;Rebound shot attempts. These must occur within 3 seconds of a previous shot.
Individual Rebound Goals;Goals from rebound shot attempts
Individual Freeze;Puck freezes after a player's shots. The  number of puck freezes by  goalies after the player's unblocked shot attempts.
Individual Play Stopped;Number of times the play is stopped after shots for reasons other than the goalie freezing the puck, such as the puck going over the glass or a dislodged net.
Individual Play Continued In Zone;Number of times the play continues in the offensive zone after the player's shot besides an immediate rebound shot. This is proxied by another event happening in the zone after the shot (such as a hit, takeaway, etc) without any events outside of the zone happening inbetween and all the same players for both teams are still on the ice as they were for the original shot
Individual Play Continued Outside Zone;Number of times the play goes outside the offensive zone after the player's shot.
Individual Saved Shots On Goal;Number of the player's unblocked shots that were saved by the goalie
Individual Saved Unblocked Shot Attempts;Number of the player's unblocked shots that were saved by the goalie or missed the net
Penalties;Number of penalties the player has received. Both majors and minors both count as '1'
Individual Penality Minutes;Number of penalty minutes the player has received
Individual Faceoffs Won;Number of faceoffs the player has won
Individual Hits;Number of hits the player has given
Individual Takeaways;Number of takeaways the player has taken from opponents
Individual Giveaways;Number of giveaways the player has given to other team
Individual Low Danger Shots;Low danger shots (<8% xGoal value)
Individual Medium Danger Shots;Medium danger shots (Between 8% and 20% xGoal Value)
Individual High Danger Shots;High Danger Shots (Higher than 20% xGoal Value)
Individual Low Danger xGoals;Sum of expected goals from low danger shots
Individual Medium Danger xGoals;Sum of expected goals from medium danger shots
Individual High Danger xGoals;Sum of expected goals from high danger shots
Individual Low Danger Goals;Goals from low danger shots
Individual Medium Danger Goals;Goals from medium danger shots
Individual High Danger Goals;Goals from high danger shots
Individual Score Adjusted Shots Attempts;Shot attempts adjusted for score and venue
Individual Unblocked Shot Attempts;All shot attempts that weren't blocked
Individual Score Adjusted Unblocked Shot Attempts;Unblocked shot attempts adjusted for score and venue
Individual DZone Giveaways;Giveaways in the team's defensive zone
Individual xGoals From xRebounds Of Shots;Expected Goals from Expected Rebounds of player's shots. Even if a shot does not actually generate a rebound, if it's a shot that is likely to generate a rebound the player is credited with xGoalsFromxRebounds
Individual xGoals From Actual Rebounds Of Shots;Expected Goals from actual rebounds shots of player's shots.
Individual Rebound xGoals;Expected Goal on rebound shots
Individual xGoals with earned rebounds;xGoals With Earned Rebounds. Also known as 'Created Expected Goals': Expected Goals of non-rebound shots + xGoals of xRebounds of all shots. This metric gives credit to the player that created the original shot, opposed to the player getting the rebound. See http://moneypuck.com///moneypuck.com/about.htm#xRebounds for more info
Individual xGoals with earned rebounds score Adjusted;Score adjusted xGoals With Earned Rebounds
Individual xGoals with earned rebounds score Flurry Adjusted;Score and flurry adjusted xGoals With Earned Rebounds
Individual Shifts;Number of shifts a player had
Individual OZone Shift Starts;Number of offensive zone face-off shift starts a player had
Individual DZone Shift Starts;Number of defensive zone face-off shift starts a player had
Individual Neutral Zone Shift Starts;Number of neutral zone face-off shift starts a player had
Individual Fly Shift Starts;Number of shift starts on the fly a player had
Individual OZone Shift Ends;Number of player's shifts that end with an offensive zone faceoff for the oncoming players
Individual DZone Shift Ends;Number of player's shifts that end with a defensive zone faceoff for the oncoming players
Individual Neutral Zone Shift Ends;Number of player's shifts that end with a neutral zone faceoff for the oncoming players
Individual Fly Shift Ends;Number of player's shifts that end on the fly
Faceoffs Won;Number of Faceoffs the player has won
Faceoffs Lost;Number of Faceoffs the player has lost
Time On Bench;Amount of Time the player has been on the bench for. (in seconds)
Penality Minutes;Number of penalty minutes the player has received
Penality Minutes Drawn;Number of penalty minutes the player has drawn
Penalties Drawn;Number of penalties the player has drawn
Shots Blocked By Player;Number of shot attempts blocked by the player
xGoals For After Shifts;xGoals the player's team gets between 1 and 5 seconds after the player has shifted off on the fly. Meant to give credit to give players who leave the ice when the puck is going towards the opposing team's zone
xGoals Against After Shifts;xGoals the opposing team gets between 1 and 5 seconds after the player has shifted off on the fly. Meant to identify players who shift off instead of backchecking
Corsi For After Shifts;Shot attempts the player's team gets between 1 and 5 seconds after the player has shifted off on the fly. Meant to give credit to give players who leave the ice when the puck is going towards the opposing team's zone
Corsi Against After Shifts;Shot attempts the opposing team gets between 1 and 5 seconds after the player has shifted off on the fly. Meant to identify players who shift off instead of backchecking
Fenwick For After Shifts;Unblocked Shot attempts the player's team gets between 1 and 5 seconds after the player has shifted off on the fly. Meant to give credit to give players who leave the ice when the puck is going towards the opposing team's zone
Fenwick Against After Shifts;Unblocked Shot attempts the opposing team gets between 1 and 5 seconds after the player has shifted off on the fly. Meant to identify players who shift off instead of backchecking